docs: 897-groovy-calendars (#7203)
deephaven/deephaven-core: docs/groovy/how-to-guides/business-calendar.md

---
title: Work with calendars
---

> This guide will show you how to create and use business calendars in Deephaven. It covers the use of Deephaven's calendar API, and the use of a Java [`BusinessCalendar`](/core/javadoc/io/deephaven/time/calendar/BusinessCalendar.html) object in both Groovy and Deephaven tables.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This guide will show you how to create and use business calendars in Deephaven. It covers the use of Deephaven's calendar API, and the use of [`BusinessCalendar`](/core/javadoc/io/deephaven/time/calendar/BusinessCalendar.html) objects in both Groovy code and Deephaven tables.
```
